But drugs are up in general, man. Like I just wanna say rest in peace to DMX.
That's a sad one. Rest in paradise, man. There's I,
I wish I was able to tell him this story. I'm about to tell you,
cuz this is real deal. And it's like, he means so much to my family. It's crazy.
Sounds nuts.
My wife was in labor for 18 hours and she had the doula there.
I told you there aren't some spiritual,
a Peruvian flute playing for 17
hours straight. The Peruvian flute music,
17 hours in the like the bro,
she starts freaking out. I'm like, yo, listen,
we have an hour left or we're gonna have to do C-section or whatever.
And she no chance.
So turn the Peruvian flute music off and I
put DMX on <laugh> stop
drop. That jumped out of her.
<laugh> I swear on everything. It's on camera. It's on film.
As soon as the Peruvian flute, music stopped DMX, Cavan,
he heard the dog and he came out. He just jumped out.
I just that's amazing. It's the CRA the, the doctor was going nuts.
He was cause everyone was just sick of that everywhere. I wanted to jump tired.
Right? I wanted to jump out the window from the music.
And so it just changed the vibe of the room, man.
He popped right out on everything like man, I can't make that up. The hood,
the hood. Nah, not on that. Would've been good one.
But he came out on the hit stop drop, shut him down.
Open up shop whoop. He had some jams.